howdy runescape toot away here
this time I'm reviewing alternates a
Silver Streak he is a recolor and a
slight remodeling and he will be later
repainted into ricochet
now trademark poplars prevented the toy
from being named Blue Streak this
problem would again occur with the
production of camshaft as anyone who has
seen the pictures of camshafts original
license plates can confirm anyway moving
on Silver Streak is a Subaru Impreza WRX
this is the version you're more likely
to find on the streets rather than in
the races aside from having a much
cleaner color scheme both his front
bumper and his spoilers are slightly
smaller than SMO screens I think those
are the only mold differences I've
noticed in this forum now I have to say
out of him
ricochet and smokescreen he looks the
nicest definitely the silver paint
provides a great metallic effect on it
so much in fact if you were to place
this next to its binaltech equivalent
and look at them both you wouldn't
immediately know just the difference
unless you pick them both up all tapped
on them and as always detail on both the
exterior and interior are great as you
can well what you can see it quite
clearly but there you go
doors open trunk opens and hood opens
inside you can see his engine wagon
right I'll transform him now
here's them silver streaks difficulty
rates the six it's fairly involved but
not to the point of being overly
frustrating like Wheeljack or shockblast
probably the hardest part is pulling out
the arms
the steering gimmick gets in the way
when doing this and in some people's
cases the arms pop out as a result
damn this there we go the holder may
also pop out a few times but
heel spurs allow him to stand up
properly
right okay here he is as a robot like
his vehicle mode
it looks fantastic the red really does
help to balance things out a bit it is
arguably the closest looking to his g1
counterpart his robot form not just of
his color scheme but just because of his
overall design and art because of the
way certain parts are formed
articulation is also very good but are
not that obvious at first the head is
also slightly remoulded just to give him
some differentiation from smokescreen
that's about it really
no major flaws although mine came work
with a mildly loose right arm although
I'm sure that's not a worldwide problem
so the overall mold itself is very good
but if you plan on getting one version
get this one it looks the best I
strongly recommend this guy I'll be back
with a review of my other two alts ASAP
but for now until then till all are one